[IOSP-453] Add VerticalFrameworks.md (#303)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/VerticalFrameworks.md

Vertical Frameworks
===================

## Overview

After modularisation refactoring in [IOSP-338](https://babylonpartners.atlassian.net/browse/IOSP-338), our Babylon App's UI screen framework dependencies are now fully decoupled from each other so called **Vertical Frameworks**.
It ensures that there are **no dependencies between each vertical** so that faster parallel build and easy maintainance become possible.

<img src="Assets/parallel-build.png" width="500"><br>
(Example of parallel build in Vertical Frameworks)<br>

> In order to share each vertical's functionalities among other verticals, e.g. `ClinicalRecordsUI` using `MapsUI` feature, rather than one depending on the other sequentially, we now add **`BabylonVerticalInterfaces.framework`** ([PR-9964](https://github.com/babylonhealth/babylon-ios/pull/9964)) as a shim to **share each vertical's interfaces only** to the other verticals.

Author: ```suggestion
This means that from now on, if a vertical needs to use a functionality from another vertical (e.g. `ClinicalRecordsUI` using `MapsUI` feature), we must use **`BabylonVerticalInterfaces.framework`** ([PR-9964](https://github.com/babylonhealth/babylon-ios/pull/9964)) as a shim to **share each vertical's interfaces only** to the other verticals. This is for keeping verticals independent from each other to make parallel build possible.
```

@AliSoftware https://github.com/babylonhealth/ios-playbook/pull/303#discussion_r357249855
Simplified a bit.

> <img src="Assets/dependency-v4.12.0.png">

Reviewer: It does not show image. Probably we should use ![](Assets/dependency-v4.12.0.png)

Author: It's visible in https://github.com/babylonhealth/ios-playbook/blob/94a94840c3f5a52175ac64923dbac3008c0db6d0/Cookbook/Technical-Documents/VerticalFrameworks.md , so should be no problem.

This documentation explains:

1. What goes into `BabylonVerticalInterfaces` ?
2. What are the rules for each Vertical Framework?

## 1. What goes into `BabylonVerticalInterfaces` ?

Just like C's header file, `BabylonVerticalInterfaces` must only contain interfaces that describes the **syntax of the API** without exposing its implementation (semantics).

Following code are considered as shareable interfaces:

1. `protocol`s (without default implementation)

> 2. `struct`s and `enum`s that protocol-method uses (DTOs)

Author: ```suggestion
2. `struct`s and `enum`s that those protocols use (DTOs)
```

Will use suggestion in https://github.com/babylonhealth/ios-playbook/pull/303#discussion_r357255396 instead.
